hi this is Pam dinar I have some
exciting news to share with you I have
written an e-book to help marketers
understand artificial intelligence AI
and the name of the book is called the
modern AI marketer in this book I talk
about the definition of AI a bit of
history and also use cases that you can
apply to your marketing jobs so if you
are interested about AI and also
anything related to my attack check out
this book simply go to Amazon type my
name Pam dinner or enter the name of the
book the modern AI marketer download
directly to your Kindle is that easy
alright if you read a book and we like
to connect with me and share your
feedback simply reach out at hello Pam
dinner comm love to hear from you thanks
a lot bye